# irreplay

irreplay is a commandline utility that uses lirc to learn IR remote control button  
presses (using lirc's `irrecord` to do so).

**_WARNING_: I have only tested this utility with jessie and jessie lite.**

- irreplay displays a menu giving you the following options:
	- 1: Learn remote  
		Uses lirc to learn your IR remote control's button presses.  
		(using lirc's "irrecord" to do so)  
	- 2: Set remote buttons for use  
		Uses my fileManage.py module to create/override a "lircrc" file.  
		(The "lircrc" file is lirc's file that contains the key press  
		and the output of the key)  
		The key and output is chosen by the user.  
	- 3: Record sequence of buttons (CTRL+C to exit)  
		Uses pylirc to record button presses from your IR remote control and saves them  
		in a sequence with the time in between the previous and just pressed buttons.  
	- 4: Play sequence (CTRL+C to exit)  
		Plays back the sequence you have made with the previous option  
		using os' "system" command to run lirc's irsend to send thr IR signal.  
		This also uses my onOffRelay.py script to change the state of the relay.  
		(To change the relay pin modify the "pin" variable in the onOffRelay.py script to the  
		designated pin)  
	- 5: Load sequence from file  
		Uses my fileMange.py script to read thedeploy keys sequence contained in the "sequence.txt" file.  
		(This file is generated by the irreplay.py script)  
	- 6: Save sequence to file  
		Uses my fileManage.py script to generate the "sequence.txt" file.  
		(If the file exists it gets overridden)  
	- 7: Load remote buttons for use  
		This uses my fileManage.py script to load the buttons and outputs that are  
		stored in the "lircrc" file into the current instance of the script.  
		(The "lircrc" file is generated by the 2nd option)  
	- 8: Add relay on/off to sequence  
		This adds an item to the sequence that makes the script turn the relay on/off.  
		It also adds a time gap before the relay switch.  
		(The time gap, the position of the switch and whether it should go on or off is  
		decided by the user)  
	- 9: Add KEY to sequence<br />
		This adds a key press to the sequence.  
		It also adds a time gap before the key press.  
		(The time gap, the position of the key and what the key press should be, is  
		decided by the user)  
	- a: Add time gap to sequence  
		This adds a time gap to the sequence.  
		(The time gap and the position of the key, is decided by the user)

- Hardware:  
	The hardware that I have tested this with is  
	[Energenie's Pi-mote IR board](https://energenie4u.co.uk/catalogue/product/ENER314-IR)  
	Feel free to test any IR receiver and transmitter that will work with lirc.
